Spring often utilizes AOP proxies for its code base.
Proxies are a great way to inject behavior into the code
base without modifying the underlying code.
In the code snippet that you see on the slide,
this simple POJO is the class that we want to proxy to,
and the POJO is the interface that we will make calls on through
the proxy and allow the calls to be intercepted.
To be honest,
this isn't something that the average developer typically needs to work with,
but it's a good thing to know.
When should you use this?
Well, you probably shouldn't be looking for opportunities to use it.
It's usually when you are doing something framework or library based.
One of the most used cases in the code base is when dealing with
databases and using the annotation @Transactional.
The @Transactional annotation is used to be the starting point
of your code base in which you would like the following code to
be surrounded with the transaction.
Writing one is really beyond the scope of this course,
in fact,
I think you could have a whole course on proxies and
the best way to implement them,
but I wanted to show you what they are and point out that
they are used often in the Spring code base. Let's look at one last concept and that's bean profiles.